I decided to make my battery
control on the training cycle
Here is a light bulb at 12 volts 35 you
connected to the battery for discharge
such a procedure is done for training
battery
since she was exposed
deep discharge in the winter several times I
I decided to hold well, such a discharge charge
may have several times
discharge charge in order to recover
at least the highest possible capacity
battery discharges battery up to 10
and 8 or 10 and 5 volts under load below
below this voltage do not discharge
such a device is recommended
other
I changed with a smooth current adjustment
and with manual and automatic
settings
do it in Ukraine I really like
his vintage design is like that
from the old days when I will be next
try and wait to control
because the voltage does not fall to 10 and 8
.
something like this